To whom it may concern,

I am writing to apply for the advertised Software Engineer position. I
have used Linux as my primary operating system for more than 5 years,
and have been a technical consultant for a firm responsible for
several small-medium networks with around 100 desktops, and 10 Linux
servers. I also have an extremely keen interest in expanding my
experience to growing fields, like wireless technologies.

I have recently completed my research and development doctoral degree,
involving substantial software engineering, for which I exclusively
used the Linux operating system.

I believe I match the software engineer position described on your
careers website perfectly. I have 5 years experience as lead engineer
on prototype software projects (50-60K Lines Of Code), delivering new,
infrastructure-level technologies to military simulation environments.
Further, involvement with commercial counterparts has provided me with
a firm understanding of commercial software development procedures. I
also have an avid interest in program optimisation and algorithm
analysis, which I have applied as part of my PhD project.

I am also comfortable with formal writing: I am an internationally
published author, including two journal-level publications for the
Australian Defence Force, numerous papers on the security of
military-oriented distributed simulations, and two significant
dissertations during my university degrees. I am also comfortable
speaking: giving educational presentations (university lecturing) and
marketing demonstrations (government grant product delivery).

I have had a keen interest in computer security for over 10 years, and
since travelling to America, am looking forward to expanding my
horizons and making a difference in the computer security industry. I
would love the opportunity to meet and discuss what my employment can
bring to Azonics. I have attached my resume for your consideration
and look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews