Technical strengths:
software engineering phases from analysis to documentation and maintenance
good development habits: self-documenting code, consistent coding conventions, unobfuscated code

Visa:
E3 visa, `speciality occupation' applicants, australians only
similar cost to H1B, 

2. What type(s) of opportunity are you interested in? 

A job involving security and software engineering is my first
preference for a position with Motorola.  

Software engineering was a strong focus of my undergraduate degree,
and I have since practised the skills I learnt in independent
contracts and during my doctoral degree.

I have maintained a keen interest in computer security for over 10
years, and because of this I chose it as a focus for my doctoral
studies.
g
Finally, my first preference for working conditions is on interesting
and challenging problems, and with other intelligent, hard-working
colleagues.

3. What are your technical strengths? 

The technical strengths I bring to a security software engineer
position within Motorola all stem from my enthusiasm and hard working
nature. I both practice and preach sound software engineering
principles and development phases: from analysis to documentation and
maintenance. 

As a result I also have good development habits: self-documenting
code, consistent coding conventions and unobfuscated code.

I have also studied numerous programming languages ranging from Logo
and Basic through to assembler (Intel primarily). I prefer
object-oriented languages such as C++, Java, PHP, Smalltalk and so on.
Due to my previous experience, I feel confident I can quickly adapt to
any software development language and environment required.

4. Why are you looking for new opportunities?

I have recently travelled from Australia to America to expand my
horizons and gain new experiences with the best software engineers in
the world.

9.  If NO, what is your proposed basis for your employment application with Motorola?

I propose an E3 visa, designed to allow companies to employ applicants
from Australia in `speciality occupations'. E3 visas are similar to
H1B visas but they are exclusive to Australians, and 10,500 are
available anually. The cost of sponsoring an E3 visa is reportedly
similar to that of a H1B visa: USD2295 with an additional USD1000
guaranteeing 15 days processing.

10.

I am not entirely sure I understand the question. If it refers to how
soon could I be available to work for Motorola, the answer is
immediately, with the proviso of adequate time for any required
relocation.

If however the question is intended to gather an indication of whether
I envisage a time when I would like to leave Motorola, I honestly do
not know. It would depend a great deal on the work environment and my
work colleagues; if both are satisfactory, I see no reason why I would
leave in the forseeable future.
