To whom it may concern,

I am writing to apply for the advertised Linux Software Engineer
position (Job Code 851-14-0306). I have always maintained a strong
personal interest in Linux (and other UNIX derivative systems) as well
as open source software, which has been a guiding force in both my
formal and informal education. Having recently completed my research
and development doctoral degree on program behaviour modelling for
Linux programs, I have decided that I would like to continue my
involvement in Linux at Lantronix.

I believe I match the software engineer position described on
Monster.com. I have used Linux as my primary operating system for more
than 5 years during both my honours and doctoral studies, along with
standard project management and documentation tools (CVS,
automake/autoconf, LaTeX). I completed the networking stream during my
undergraduate degree and later tutored several networking courses for
a number of semesters. I have also been a technical consultant for a
firm responsible for several small-medium networks with around 100
desktops, and 10 Linux servers. I have been involved in medium-scale
C++ software developments (50-60K Lines Of Code) with the university
and government domains.

I am an internationally published author, including two journal-level
publications for the Australian Defence Force, numerous papers on the
security of military-oriented distributed simulations, and two
significant dissertations during my university degrees. I am also
comfortable giving both educational presentations (university
lecturing) and marketing demonstrations (government grant product
delivery).

I have had a keen interest in computer security for over 10 years, and
since travelling to America, am looking forward to expanding my
horizons and making a difference in the computer industry. I would
love the opportunity to meet and discuss what my employment can bring
to Lantronix. I have attached my resume for your consideration and look
forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews