1. A degree in Computer Sci. or similar relevant University degree
2. Superior communication skills
3. At least 5 years of C ++, C or Java Greenfield coding commercial experience
4. A mind that loves learning and adapting to changing and cutting edge technologies.
5. Great university results
6. A true passion and desire to produce quality coding and products that aren\u2019t out there at present
7. A stand out CV that clearly articulates why you are so good and deserve a shot at the big time!

Dear Mr. Hathron,

I am writing to apply for the C++ Software Engineer position
advertised on Seek.com.au.  I am very excited about this opportunity
and would like to explain why I think I am the best person for the
job.

I have recently completed by PhD in computer security, and graduated
from my undergraduate computing degree with a Grade Point Average of
6.87 out of 7 (2 Distinctions, the rest High Distinctions).

During my PhD and prior work experience, I have given presentations to
four Generals within the defence department, the top academic
officials at my university, as well as at several conferences
internationally.  I have excellent written skills, having published
numerous papers, technical reports, and academic dissertations.

I have been using C++ full-time for 5 years and have been Lead
Developer in several medium-scale projects (50-60 thousand lines of
code) within defence and academia.  During these projects I have
always placed crucial emphasis on correct software engineering
procedures, and good coding practices.  I have also maintained a keen
interest in program optimisation and efficiency.

I thrive on an environment where learning is encouraged, new problems
are constantly encountered, and new skills are required.  I am a very
strong and motivated self-learner, having taught myself a range of
computing technologies and skills.

Additionally, I have spent more than 6 months in the USA, in fact as I
write this, I am in California.  This means that I am acclimatized to
the environment, customs and culture here, and that your client will
loose less time and money due to `settling in'.


I believe I am an excellent match
for this position.  I have just completed my doctoral (PhD) studies,
which has provided me with several years experience in analytical and
critical thinking, as well as excellent written communication skills.

My verbal communication skills I have developed since I was 13 when I
began taking gymnastics lessons.  Since that time I have had support
jobs, tutored and lectured for my University, delivered government
grant products to the Australian Defence force, and presented at
multiple international conferences.

I have used Linux every day for the last 5 years, for my workstation,
studies, and as part of my work experience maintaining a 6-server
small Linux network.  I completed all the C and C++ courses during my
Bachelors degree, for which I obtained consistent top marks (resulting
in a 6.87/7 GPA for this degree).  I have since been involved in
several small-to-medium C++ projects for both the industry, and the
Australian government.

During these projects I have always placed strong emphasis on correct
software engineering procedures, and good coding practices.  I have
also always maintained a keen interest in program optimisation and
efficiency which I have applied to my past projects.

I have very little experience with ARM architectures, however I am a
fast learner, and I am keen to develop and expand my areas of
expertise and experience.  I have attached my resume for your
consideration and look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews